README.md, before:

# Web-Based Bucket-List

## Important Links

[back-end](https://github.com/peanut-butter-and-jelly/back-end)
[front-end](https://github.com/peanut-butter-and-jelly/front-end)

## Planning Story

### User Stories

- As an unregistered user, I would like to sign up with email and password.
- As a registered user, I would like to sign in with email and password.
- As a signed in user, I would like to change password.
- As a signed in user, I would like to sign out.
- As a signed in user, I would like to create a bucket list item with a title and description.
- As a signed in user, I would like to update my bucket list item's title and description.
- As a signed in user, I would like to delete my bucket list item.
- As a signed in user, I would like to see all my bucket list items but not other users'.
- As a signed in user, I would like to cross off items to complete them.

## STRETCH GOALS

WIP

### Technologies Used

- Express
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- node.js
- Heroku

### Unsolved Problems

Commit message:

Add Wireframes and ERD
Close Fixes front-end#100

README.md, after:

# Web-Based Bucket-List

## Important Links

- [back-end](https://github.com/peanut-butter-and-jelly/back-end)
- [front-end](https://github.com/peanut-butter-and-jelly/front-end)

## Planning Story

## Wireframes

![Sign In](https://media.git.generalassemb.ly/user/24753/files/30de3c00-5230-11ea-8bf2-247533f6c86c)
![Logged In](https://media.git.generalassemb.ly/user/24753/files/33d92c80-5230-11ea-876d-996f01ec6621)

## ERD
![ERD](https://media.git.generalassemb.ly/user/24753/files/36d41d00-5230-11ea-93cb-93c4b912cb37)

### User Stories

- As an unregistered user, I would like to sign up with email and password.
- As a registered user, I would like to sign in with email and password.
- As a signed in user, I would like to change password.
- As a signed in user, I would like to sign out.
- As a signed in user, I would like to create a bucket list item with a title and description.
- As a signed in user, I would like to update my bucket list item's title and description.
- As a signed in user, I would like to delete my bucket list item.
- As a signed in user, I would like to see all my bucket list items but not other users'.
- As a signed in user, I would like to cross off items to complete them.

## STRETCH GOALS

WIP

### Technologies Used

- Express
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- node.js
- Heroku

### Unsolved Problems
